feat: parenthetical syntax for message sends (`cycles`, `timeout` etc.) (#4608)
dfinity/motoko: src/lang_utils/error_codes/M0212.md

# M0212

This warning means that you are affixing a parenthetical note to a message send (i.e. either
a canister method call of a self-send with `async`, or `actor`) that contains an attribute not recognised
by this version of the Motoko compiler.

> Currently following attributes are recognised in parenthetical notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the following attributes are permitted in parenthetical notes:
```
